CLOUD-820 Update README to mention documentation (#526)
percona/percona-server-mysql-operator: README.md

![GitHub go.mod Go version](https://img.shields.io/github/go-mod/go-version/percona/percona-server-mysql-operator)
[![Go Report Card](https://goreportcard.com/badge/github.com/percona/percona-server-mysql-operator)](https://goreportcard.com/report/github.com/percona/percona-server-mysql-operator)

[Percona Operator for MySQL](https://docs.percona.com/percona-operator-for-mysql/ps/index.html) automates the creation and management of highly available, enterprise-ready MySQL database clusters on Kubernetes.

> [Percona Operator for MySQL](https://www.percona.com/doc/kubernetes-operator-for-mysql/ps/index.html) is based on our best practices for deployment and configuration of highly-available, fault-tolerant MySQL instances in a Kubernetes-based environment on-premises or in the cloud. It provides the following capabilities:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Percona Operator for MySQL based on Percona Server for MySQL](https://www.percona.com/doc/kubernetes-operator-for-mysql/ps/index.html) follows our best practices for deployment and configuration of highly-available, fault-tolerant MySQL instances in a Kubernetes-based environment on-premises or in the cloud. It provides the following capabilities:
```

## Status

**This project is in the tech preview state right now. Don't use it on production.**

As of today, we recommend using [Percona Operator for MySQL based on Percona XtraDB Cluster](https://docs.percona.com/percona-operator-for-mysql/pxc/index.html), which is production-ready and contains everything you need to quickly and consistently deploy and scale MySQL clusters in a Kubernetes-based environment, on-premises or in the cloud.

## Roadmap

We have an experimental public roadmap which can be found [here](https://github.com/percona/roadmap/projects/1). Please feel free to contribute and propose new features by following the roadmap [guidelines](https://github.com/percona/roadmap).

## Architecture

Percona Operators are based on the [Operator SDK](https://github.com/operator-framework/operator-sdk) and leverage Kubernetes primitives to follow best CNCF practices.

## Installation
## Documentation

To learn more about the Operator, check the [Percona Operator for MySQL documentation](https://docs.percona.com/percona-operator-for-mysql/ps/index.html).

It usually takes two steps to deploy Percona Server for MySQL on Kubernetes:
# Quickstart installation

> * Deploy the operator from `deploy/bundle.yaml`

Reviewer 2: Commands could be added here, such as:

`kubectl apply -f deploy/bundle.yaml`

I think it would be better to provide the command for them to execute

Author: Updated

> * Deploy the database cluster itself from `deploy/cr.yaml`

Author: Updated
